ON THE OTHER SIDE, FLORIDA IS
STILL A MESS.
YOU'LL RECALL ON ELECTION NIGHT
THAT THE WINNERS IN THE SUNSHINE
STATE WERE REPUBLICANS RON
DESANTIS AND RICK SCOTT.
BUT THE VOTE TALLY WAS SO CLOSE
THAT FLORIDA HAS BEGUN AUTOMATIC
RECOUNTS IN BOTH THE SENATE AND
GOVERNOR'S RACES.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
RECOUNT.
HUGE RECOUNT FANS.
RIGHT NOW, WE DON'T KNOW WHO
WON.
OF COURSE, THIS IS FLORIDA, SO
ONCE THEY FACTOR THE WRITE-IN
VOTES, WE MIGHT BE LOOKING AT
SENATOR GATOR WEARING
SUNGLASSES.
( LAUGHTER )
STRONG ON DEFENSE.
NOW THE RECOUNTERS SAY THEY'LL
HAVE RESULTS BY THURSDAY.
THURSDAY...
THIS IS SO NERVE-WRACKING, IT'S
LIKE WAITING FOR RESULTS FROM
THE DOCTOR.
"YES, WE HAVE YOUR LAB WORK
BACK, AND I'M SORRY... YOU HAVE
DESANTIS.
( LAUGHTER )
YOU'LL WANT TO CALL ALL YOUR
PREVIOUS PARTNERS AND LET THEM
KNOW."
( LAUGHTER )
REPUBLICANS HAVE BEEN SKEPTICAL
OF THE RECOUNT.
ONE G.O.P. CONGRESSMAN SAID,
"FOR ALL I KNOW, THEY'RE STILL
COUNTING BALLOTS FOR AL GORE
BACK THERE!"
( LAUGHTER )
HEY, THAT'S NOT FUNNY!
THEY ARE.
( LAUGHTER )
HANG IN THERE, AL.
HANG IN THERE.
( LAUGHTER )
AND THIS MORNING, TRUMP TWEETED:
(AS TRUMP): "THE FLORIDA
ELECTION SHOULD BE CALLED IN
FAVOR OF RICK SCOTT AND RON
DESANTIS, IN THAT LARGE NUMBERS
OF NEW BALLOTS SHOWED UP OUT OF
NOWHERE, AND MANY BALLOTS ARE
MISSING OR FORGED.
AN HONEST VOTE COUNT IS NO
LONGER POSSIBLE.
BALLOTS MASSIVELY INFECTED.
MUST GO WITH ELECTION NIGHT!"
GO WITH ELECTION NIGHT?
( BOOING )
YOU CAN'T JUST PICK THE TIME
THAT WAS BEST FOR YOU.
(AS TRUMP): "MY TEAM WAS UP IN
THE SEVENTH INNING, THEN I WENT
TO BED, AND WHEN I WOKE UP, THEY
HAD LOST.
AN HONEST SCORE IS NO LONGER
POSSIBLE!
( LAUGHTER )
MUST GO WITH SEVENTH INNING!"
AND THESE AREN'T VOTES "OUT OF
NOWHERE," THEY'RE ABSENTEE
BALLOTS.
IN FACT: FLORIDA ACCEPTS
OVERSEAS AND MILITARY BALLOTS
THROUGH NOV. 16, MEANING THAT
TRUMP'S PLAN WOULD
DISENFRANCHISE MILITARY SERVICE
MEMBERS AND AMERICANS ABROAD.
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO CELEBRATE
VETERANS DAY BY TAKING AWAY
THEIR RIGHT TO VOTE.
YOU CELEBRATE BY POSTING A
PICTURE OF YOUR HOT GRANDPA IN
WORLD WAR II ON INSTAGRAM AND
RAKING IN THE LIKES!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
MEANWHILE, IN ARIZONA'S SENATE
RACE, AFTER TRAILING ON ELECTION
NIGHT, DEMOCRAT KYRSTEN SINEMA
NOW LEADS REPUBLICAN MARTHA
MCSALLY BY 1.5 PERCENTAGE
POINTS.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ARIZONA HAS A HEATED RACE, BUT
IT'S A DRY HEAT.
SO, PRETTY COMFORTABLE.
( LAUGHTER )
YOU'RE WELCOME.
BUT UNLIKE FLORIDA, BOTH SIDES
IN THIS ELECTION ARE SAYING
EVERY BALLOT SHOULD BE COUNTED.
IT'S BEEN SLOW BECAUSE 75% OF
THE STATE'S ELECTORATE VOTES BY
MAIL.
THE OTHER 25% OF ARIZONANS
WHISPER THEIR VOTE INTO A
DREAMCATCHER.
( LAUGHTER )
NOW, THERE WAS A BRIEF
CONTROVERSY ABOUT WHAT TO DO
ABOUT SOME OF THE VOTES BECAUSE
SIGNATURES DIDN'T MATCH, BUT A
COURT RESOLVED THE ISSUE.
TRUMP STILL FREAKED OUT,
TWEETING, "JUST OUT-- IN
ARIZONA, SIGNATURES DON'T MATCH.
ELECTORAL CORRUPTION-- CALL FOR
A NEW ELECTION?"
SURE.
HOW ABOUT 2016?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
THE PRESIDENT WAS IN PARIS THIS
WEEKEND FOR THE 100TH
ANNIVERSARY OF ARMISTICE DAY AND
WAS SCHEDULED TO PAY HIS
RESPECTS AT A U.S. MILITARY
CEMETERY.
THESE SOLDIERS FOUGHT TIRELESSLY
THROUGH BRUTAL CONDITIONS, SO OF
COURSE, TRUMP CANCELLED HIS TRIP
TO THE CEMETERY DUE TO RAIN.
WELL, YOU CAN'T BLAME HIM, HE'S
ONLY GOT ONE UMBRELLA AND HE
COULDN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO BRING
IT ON THE PLANE.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
TRUMP DID ATTEND THE CEREMONIES
YESTERDAY, BUT THE OTHER LEADERS
SAID MEAN THINGS, LIKE FRENCH
PRESIDENT EMMANUEL MACRON:
>> PATRIOTISM IS THE EXACT
OPPOSITE OF NATIONALISM.
NATIONALISM IS A BETRAYAL OF
PATRIOTISM BY SAYING OUR
INTERESTS FIRST, WHO CARES ABOUT
THE OTHERS.
WE ERASE WHAT A NATION HOLDS
DEAREST, WHAT GIVES IT LIFE,
WHAT GIVES IT GRACE, AND WHAT IS
ESSENTIAL.
IT'S MORAL VALUES.
>> STEPHEN: FIRST OF ALL, THESE
FRENCH GUYS SOUND LIKE GIRLS.
SECOND, I JUST WANT TO POINT OUT
THAT A MAN GAVE A SPEECH ABOUT
THE IMPORTANCE OF MORAL VALUES
AND EVERYONE SAYS HE WAS
INSULTING OUR PRESIDENT.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT TRUMP DID HAVE ONE ALLY.
UNFORTUNATELY, IT WASN'T AN
ALLY, IT WAS VLADIMIR PUTIN.
JUST LOOK AT TRUMP'S FACE WHEN
PUTIN ARRIVED.
SO HAPPY.
I CAN JUST IMAGINE THEIR
INNER-MONOLOGUES:
(AS MACRON): "I AM LOOKING INTO
THE EYES OF A SOCIOPATH."
(AS MERKEL): "MEIN GOTT, THIS
MONSTER WILL KILL US ALL."
(AS TRUMP): S "MORE THAN A
FEELING S
MORE THAN A FEELING
S WHEN I SEE VLADIMIR WALK MY
WAY" S
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.